---
title: "Alte Notizbücher"
date: "2024-01-11"
---

Ich habe gerade mein Notizbuch aus 2020 gefunden und etwas darin gestöbert. Da habe ich viel Zeit alleine verbracht und gelesen und geschrieben (und Serien geschaut).

Im April war ich in Hamburg, danach auf Borkum und bin gerade im Mai angekommen, wo ich in Rostock gelebt habe. Rostock war schön, kann ich nur empfehlen. Mitte Juni war ich in meiner Heimatstadt Hagen, weil meine Schwester Geburtstag hatte. Da bin ich gerade im Notizbuch.

> Look for your other half  
> who walks always next to you  
> and tends to be who you aren't.
>
> — Antonio Machado

Ab Juli war ich in Dortmund. Habe dort aber das gleiche gemacht.

> Merchant: "... If you are without possessions, how can you give?"  
> Siddhartha: "Everyone gives what he has. The soldier gives strength, the merchant goods, the teacher instruction, the farmer rice, the fisherman fish."  
> Merchant: "Very well, and what can you give? What have you learned that you can give?"  
> Siddhartha: "I can think, I can wait, I can fast."  
> Merchant: "Is that all?"  
> Siddhartha: "I think that is all."  
> Merchant: "And of what use are they? For example, fasting, what good is that?"  
> Siddhartha: "It is of great value, sir. If a man has nothing to eat, fasting is the most intelligent thing he can do. If, for instance, Siddhartha had not learned to fast, he would have had to seek some kind of work today, either with you, or elsewhere, for hunger would have driven him. But, as it is, Siddhartha can wait calmly. He is not impatient, he is not in need, he can ward off hunger for a long time and laugh at it."

Die Zitate kommen wir gerade etwas doof vor.
