---
title: "Trust to Run the Process"
date: "2024-07-03"
---

Yo. I feel better now. Yesterday, I was down, then slept for 13 hours, still felt bad, but now I'm feeling good again. I have trust in myself again to run this process and find solutions.

The day started badly. I based my project for _n&w_ around this chess study system with thousands of exercises. I called the author of it to ask how he handles the copyright stuff, and he told me, "you can do whatever you want with it." He seemed to be interested in what I will build and super chill about me crafting a learning experience with his exercises as its core. We spoke again yesterday. We spoke for maybe two hours in total. He told me that I can copy the exercises from the exercise booklets. I sent him login data so he can have a look at the toy version. Then, all of a sudden, this morning, he wrote me an email saying that I violated the copyright and that I'm not allowed to use the exercises, and that I should create exercises of my own. Man, I was so confused. I wrote him back rephrasing his words and called him after. It seems to be a misunderstanding, but I'm still puzzled how, considering that we talked for two hours about it. And I asked not once but maybe three or four times.

I spent around ten days on the toy version for the _n&w_ program, having these exercises as the foundation of the whole idea. The program lasts six weeks and two and a half are over. I had a small mid-_buildspace_-crisis. I thought about other ideas I could pursue and worked on a chess opening repertoire builder for some time in the afternoon. I spoke to Martin and Mohamed, and this was helpful to clear my head again. In the evening, I played football for an hour -- man, my legs are finished, 90 minutes yesterday and maybe 70 minutes today. Tomorrow is the next training session. I did some balancing/stability exercises while cooking after the training.

Okay, enough football. I'm feeling motivated and hopeful again. I have possible solutions in mind to keep the project running. I will pursue them tomorrow. Oh, and I'm learning a big thing these days -- to ask people for help. I tell people more about the things I'm working on and I ask people for their opinions. The right people, of course, not everyone. There are many amazing, smart people who want to help. I don't want to connect those adjectives to myself, but I'm also a dude who loves to help (if I can). I hated to do that before. I wanted to do everything by myself. That's stupid. Unless you're an absolute genius, you can't do cool stuff without the help of others. Okay, maybe no one can do cool stuff without the help of others. At least on a big scale. Even Elon couldn't have done it.

I have so many ideas in my head. I'm feeling inspired. Football is cool, and I'm improving. By the way, I didn't get any injuries in the first four training sessions. That's amazing. I don't want to celebrate too much because it could happen in the next session, but man, that's great. Maybe that happened because I did a three-year break, lost all my muscles, and now they are balanced again at zero. That's a solid theory.

Bye.
