---
title: "Humble"
date: "2024-07-22"
---

Today was one of these strange days. I considered getting up at 5 am and put in a lot of hours to get _Learnground_ ready for launch -- with functional payment, the booking system, and the tutoring calendar ready. I then decided to get up at 7 am, overslept, and was sitting at the desk at around 9 am or something. I first had to work on _chess4u_, which took some time. After that, I got going.

I finished a few tasks but got reminded that the features I'm implementing are not too trivial. It's not so easy to have a beautiful calendar in which you can pick a time frame and resize it smoothly. The simple things take time if you want to make them really well. I got confused and didn't reach my goal at all. I have to say that the goal was very ambitious, as always, but I thought that I could make it. I didn't, but that's okay.

It was a beautiful day nevertheless. I had a nice stroll to the bakery where the saleswomen are so kind. I had a nice breakfast with hummus and good bread. I spent some time with Mohamed and we had a nice conversation while walking to the grocery store. He is a wise man. I didn't make it to the monthly AI exchange in town, which was a bit sad.

Today, I was reminded that humility is an important virtue. When I look back there were years in which I thought that I was so clever and that I could learn little from other people. That's foolish. I read about it but it didn't affect me. I now think that it's always good to remind yourself to be humble. If my past self would've read this, he would've brushed it off, thinking "yeah, sure, I know it's important, I'm already so humble." No man, you weren't. You were quite stupid. But that's okay and normal I guess. It's good to learn though.

Okay, going to sleep now. Tomorrow will be a long day.
