---
title: "The Good and the Bad"
date: "2024-06-29"
---

I want to try writing blog posts in English. Today, I got out of bed early and went to the bakery to get some rolls. I also treated myself to a delicious piece of cake. I spent the morning showing my toy version of the _chess4u steps app_ to our students. I don't know what to think of it. I didn't like how I handled the interviews. My questions felt a bit weird, and I didn't get the responses I expected. It was also humbling because I didn't like the design of the app when I saw the students working with it. The load times were too long, the layout wasn't adjusted to different screen sizes, and I had two or three bad bugs that were a bit embarrassing. It might sound harsh, but I was a bit disappointed.

There were good moments too. It was such a joy to see the kids engaging with the exercises in a focused way. They are unbelievably kind -- the parents as well, of course. I emailed them yesterday, and nearly everyone was eager to try the app out and give me feedback the next day. I guess it's okay to name them, so thanks to Julia, Luna, Leo, Fabienne, Hugo, Zarema, Jan, Erik, and Elias. The kids are also so bright. Jan discovered a weird bug I would have never seen.

After the testing sessions, I rested for two hours because I neglected my sleep the night before and felt tired. I realized that it's nice to get up early and work during the morning. It's such a good feeling to go to the bakery in the morning and meet plenty of people there. A friend pinched me at the bakery, and we had a small chat. I had just started my day and felt so good. I often stay up late and start work in the late morning without going outdoors for a few hours. Let's seize the day a bit more. You can do it, Niko.

I spent the evening in Münster, making summer rolls with my sister and watching the Germany game together. It was a nice day.

I was also feeling quite sad today. A person I was once close to is turning out to be a fraud, and I was doubting myself about how it could happen that we spent so much time together without me realizing the character flaws that are so obvious now. I was also unsure of myself because they say that you are similar to the people around you in a way. I don't know. Feeling betrayed makes you feel so sad and angry in alternation. For me, the sad part has taken over, and the anger is gone for the moment. It comes around full circle, I guess. Another thing is that something really bad happened in the life of one of my best friends. It feels so bad man. Life can be rough, and it hurts the most when it hits the people who deserve it the least. Especially when you can't do a damn thing about it. But how do they say? There are bad times so we can cherish the good ones.

I got humbled quite a bit today. I didn't like my results. I have to remember that it is a toy version, I guess, and that I haven't programmed so many things yet. I trust myself completely, I have to say. I will get better and I will figure it out. It feels like I'm just getting started. The days are bright most of the time. There are so many good people around me, and I'm thankful for that. Everything will be okay.
