---
title: "Alte Notizbücher III"
date: "2024-01-13"
---

> Art when really understood is the province of every human being. It is simply a question of doing things, anything, well. It is not an outside, extra thing.  
> When the artist is alive in any person, whatever his kind of work may be, he becomes an inventive, searching, daring, self-expressing creature. He becomes interesting to other people. He disturbs, upsets, enlightens, and he opens ways for a better understanding. Where those who are not artists are trying to close the book, he opens it, shows there are still more pages possible.  
> The world would stagnate without him, and the world would be beautiful with him; for he is interesting to himself and he is interesting to others. He does not have to be a painter or sculptor to be an artist. He can work in any medium. He simply has to find the gain in the work itself, not outside it.  
> Museums of art will not make a country an art country. But where there is the art spirit there will be precious works to fill museums. Better still, there will be the happiness that is in the making. Art tends towards balance, order, judgement of relative values, the laws of growth, the economy of living — very good things for anyone to be interested in.  
> The work of the art student is no light matter. Few have the courage and stamina to see it through. You have to make up your mind to be alone in many ways. We like sympathy and we like to be in company. It is easier than going it alone. But alone one gets acquainted with himself, grows up and on, not stopping with the crowd. It costs to do this. If you succeed somewhat you may have to pay for it as well as enjoy it all your life.  
> We are not here to do what has already been done.  
> An art student must be a master from the beginning, that is, he must be master of such as he has. By being now master of such as he has there is promise that he will be master in the future.  
> A work of art which inspires us comes from no quibbling or uncertain man. It is the manifest of a very positive nature in great enjoyment, and at the very moment the work was done.
>
> — Robert Henri (_The Art Spirit_)

[Diese Doku](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9vz06QO3UkQ&t=370s) über _Aaron Swartz_ fand ich damals sehr toll. Seine Geschichte ist extrem traurig, aber ebenso inspirierend. Ich habe dadurch ganz anders über das Programmieren und Open Source nachgedacht. Und was es bedeutet anderen Menschen zu helfen.

> For an artist to be interesting to us he must have been interesting to himself. He must have been capable of intense feeling, and capable of profound contemplation.
>
> Not to feel exasperated, or defeated, or despondent because your days aren't packed with wise and moral actions. But to get back up when you fail, to celebrate behaving like a human — however imperfectly — and fully embrace the pursuit that you've embarked on.
>
> — Robert Henri (_The Art Spirit_)

Die ganzen Bücher und Dokus haben mir immer so viel bedeutet, weil sie mir bei der Frage, was für ein Mensch ich sein möchte, Orientierung gegeben haben.

[Hier](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL848F2368C90DDC3D) ist eine ganze Vorlesung von _Robert Sapolsky_ über Human Behavioral Biology, die ich damals interessant fand. Vor allem der Professor war so eine inspirierende Erscheinung.

Ich gehe noch eben zum Sport — schon das zweite Mal dieses Jahr, stark. Morgen steht viel für Learnground auf dem Plan. Ich habe gerade wieder viel Energie und komme gut im neuen Jahr an. :)
